ah
Hello, how about today I want to talk to you
about driver's licenses in japan
and I will also tell you my odyssey of
how am I going to acquire mine there are two
ways to acquire it the first one is
acquire it as the Japanese do
you take a written test of 100 questions
and if I'm not wrong, you can
fail 5 answers of those 100 once
you have passed the written test you
they give the driving test and this is where
many people fail the second way that
is the simplest is to convert the
leave your country to a Japanese this
is if your country qualifies to do this
conversion the exam is only 10
very easy questions and once what
you have passed the driving test
on a driving track that the
transit department has to
At the moment of applying you will be asked if
You want a driver 's license
automatic or change cars if
you choose the one of automatic nothing else
you can handle those you can not handle from
changes if you choose the license for
handle change cars then you can
handle automatic the second option is
the one that I opted for is the conversion of
the license of my country
for this I had to go to the office of
transit and they asked me for the passport the
residence card remain in Japan my
license of mexico photographs and also
they asked me for a translation of my
license from japanese mexico for that I had
to go to another office called caf
jf that's how an insurance or something
so there they can translate the
license of your country and they do it as in
one hour or less depending on how much
people have that day down in the
description of this video I leave the
web page for those who need
see the cost of the translation is three
thousand yen right there in that office already
can you buy this book that is called
roosevelt roads that will serve them for
the written exam and the driving test
I recommend they have it in Spanish and
it costs a thousand yen once he had all
the necessary documents I went back to the
transit department to apply and
do the written exam that was ten
questions in front of a computer and
The exam can be taken in Spanish if
they want a very simple test
anyone can pass after
passing the written exam made me
the eye exam once
I spent all that I could make an appointment to
take the driving test the first time
take the driving test what re
provides the instructor said he failed him
because in the section where I had to
go fast
I went very slowly the driving test
it's not easy there are many techniques and
skills that one has to demonstrate
many foreigners compare this exam
of handling with with the tea ceremony
because it requires precision and that you follow
all the steps from beginning to end of
true that it is a ritual to take
this driving test I think almost
all Japanese go to schools of
driving to prepare for this exam
the second time I took the exam
fortunately I passed it but I got to
practice in the car of one of my
friends and I started watching videos to spend
this exam because I did not want to fail
the exam again I did not want to pay for
the exam again and lose a whole day
in the transit department for nothing
down in the description I leave you links
of some videos that I found and
I was studying for this exam that
they served me a lot and I think these
videos were one of the reasons why
that I passed the exam I recommend them
a tokio tip if you want to practice in the
track where it will make them test
management here in Tokyo can pay for
one hour of practice that will serve you
very much I do not remember how much they charge I think
which are around 30,000 yen or
50,000 yen and they have to accompany
a person who is licensed in my
case a friend of me accompanied and lent me
your car to practice if you do not know
to nobody then they can pay you
to an instructor from a school of
management to accompany them and
provide the car and give them
instructions and teach them what
They need to know to pass this test
of driving if you passed the test
the instructor has a pink paper
if you do not pass it, it will give you a white paper and
you have to make another appointment for another
driving test if you want to do another
once you have passed the exam
they will take you to take your picture
this and after that you have to
wait for another three hours more than the
license is processed and delivered to you
to go get the license and take the
driving test is to lose everything a
day so make sure they have all the
Free day of the day that they have to go good
that 's all for today many
thank you for seeing and luck to those who
have to take the driving test
here in japan see you later